you
then Moses spoke to the heads of the
tribes concerning the children of Israel
this is the thing which the Lord has
commanded if a man makes a vow to the
Lord or swears an oath to bind himself
by some agreement he shall not break his
word he shall do according to all the
proceeds out of his mouth more if a
woman makes a vow to the Lord and binds
herself by some agreement while in her
father's house in her youth and her
father hears her vow and the agreement
by which she has bound herself and her
father holds his peace then all her vows
shall stand and every agreement with
which she has bound herself shall stand
but if her father overrules her on the
day that he hears then none of her vows
nor her agreements by which she has
bound herself shall stand and the Lord
will release her because her father
overruled her if indeed she takes a
husband while bound by her vows or by a
rash at rents from her lips by which she
bound herself and her husband hears it
and makes no response to her on the day
that he hears then her vows shall stand
and her agreement by which she bound
herself shall stand but if her husband
overruled her on the day that he hears
it
shall make void her vow which she took
and what she uttered with her lips by
which she bound herself and the Lord
will release her also any vow of a widow
or a divorced woman by which she has
bound herself shall stand against her if
she vowed in her husband's house or
bound herself by an agreement with an
oath and her husband heard it and made
no response to her and did not overrule
her then all her vows shall stand and
every agreement by which she bound
herself shall stand but if her husband
truly made them void on the day he heard
them then whatever proceeded from her
lips concerning her vows or concerning
the agreement binding her it shall not
stand her husband has made them void and
the Lord will release her every vow and
every binding oath to afflict her soul
her husband they confirm it or her
husband may make it void
if her husband makes no response
whatever to her from day to day
then he confirms all her vows or all the
agreements that bind her he confirmed
them because he made no response to her
on the day that he heard them
but if he does make them void after he
has heard them then he shall bear her
guilt
these are the statutes which the LORD
commanded Moses between a man and his
wife and between a father and his
daughter in her youth in her father's
house